I was narrow-minded
and ignorant.
I took my troops
to your homes.
I'm here
to apologize.
But
I won't
let Jiang Zhu
marry you blindly.
Would you
like to talk with me?
What's there
to talk about with you?
Jiang Zhu and I are clear about our feelings.
How can you say she's confused?
Your Highness, this is not the way of a gentleman.
As for this marriage,
I, Wu Youzhi, will never give in.
Yunshuang,
Shen Miu is at least right about one thing.
When Jiang Zhu's mother
left her with us,
she never wanted her to marry blindly.
Yeah.
Now that it's like this,
we can discuss it further.
The auspicious time has passed.
This marriage
will be discussed on another day.
Shen Miu,
what exactly do you want to talk to us about?
According to historical records,
General Liang turned women into Jade Waist Servants
to establish military merit.
After being backbitten,
he slaughtered the barracks.
Your court can only record
what is favorable to them.
Naive.
It was me
who blindly believed
what I saw.
But please rest assured,
I will investigate all the doubts
about this matter
and clear your names.
If so,
you can leave now.
If you find evidence within five days,
we'll wait for you at the Three-spine Tree.
What?
You're backing out again?
No.
I can't leave yet.
What else do you want to do?
That day in the woods,
someone tried to assassinate Jiang Zhu.
I believe you know that.
Even though we're in the Hundred Illusions Realm,
but the assassin is still out there.
There is always danger.
I'm her Jade Gentleman.
I should stay here
to protect her.
As long as you're safe.
Gather all the men.
Follow me.
Yes.
He locked me up for a while.
The first time he let me go,
he used Lianhua to threaten you
to detoxify the poison in him.
But that night,
someone attacked on the street.
You saved him.
Luckily, he didn't hurt me
or the Hundred Illusions Realm.
That's all I know.
He's a bad man.
Little Jiangzhu,
I'm telling you this
not to make you hate him more.
I'm going to kick him out right now.
Jiang Zhu,
I made your favorite red bean rice.
Would you like to try some?
You Poisonous Mushroom,
have you remembered something?
No.
But I heard everything.
No, no, no.
What did you hear?
You used me,
deceived me.
I was the one
who invaded the Realm and saved you.
Jiang Zhu,
if you really hate me,
just hit me.
Wait a minute.
Hold this for me.
Come on.
It really hurts.
That hard?
You...
It's a reflex.
Shen Miu,
You're guilty.
Your wife
erased your memory.
How can you
remember everything so clearly?
To be honest,
I stole some rosemary
when I sneaked into your mansion.
I'm here to see my wife
and see her true self,
without any lies,
so she can feel
my clear love.
Facing her true self,
without any deceit,
clear love.
I was going to tell Little Jiangzhu
about your past
to help you.
I don't know
if the red bean rice I made
will suit her taste.
You made this?
Is this
for me?
I heard you can play tunes.
Life in the Hundred Illusions Realm is dull.
Having a decent instrument
would brighten things up a bit.
Since I met you,
being by your side
has become the joy of my life.
As long as you find joy, that's best.
You have something here.
Here.
No, here.
Why is it you again?
Even if you are my Jade Gentleman,
I can choose someone else.
Your Jade Gentleman
can only be me.
You...
Shen Miu,
how are you?
Are you okay?
Jiang Zhu,
I know
what I did to you
made you suffer.
It's my fault that
you don't want to remember me.
I hope you can give me another chance.
Just let me be your Jade Gentleman.
Jiang Zhu.
If he really is your Jade Gentleman,
he just wants to survive.
I'm your rightful fiancé.
From the past to the present,
I've only had feelings for you.
Let's go.
Aunt Jiu,
today,
when Shen Miu kissed me,
I didn't feel disgusted.
Even though I don't remember him,
when I'm in danger,
my body instinctively protects him.
And,
when I think of him,
when I recall what he said to me,
I just want to...
What do you want?
I want to hug him.
I don't know why.
People usually use reason
to deal with everything in the world.
Only love
is decided by the body.
My body
tells me
I want to face our past.
Be careful.
Why do you suddenly
want to know
our past?
Because it's part of my past too.
I'd rather hear it from you
than from someone else.
Right here,
we shared many moments.
Is this from my clothes,
scratched off?
Shen Miu,
if you insist on killing my family,
I'll be with you to the end.
Why do you insist on making me remember you?
Does it matter
if I remember you?
Yes.
I was so bad to you.
Is it necessary
to let you remember me?
Your Highness, Miss Jiang Zhu.
This is a complete record of the investigation
according to your instructions.
Zun Yang was released.
It seems that
he was the one who assassinated
was indeed him.
You committed the capital crime
of attempted murder on the Imperial Grandson.
You said you had news about Jade Waist,
so I gave you a chance to redeem yourself.
Now seven days have passed,
where is Jade Waist?
It took Prince Yan 12 years to complete it,
why are you in such a hurry?
Besides,
how can I catch Jade Waist
when you've tied me up here?
You talk too much.
How long will it take?
Seven days.
It will be the full moon in seven days.
At that time,
I'll bring the Jade Waist Servant back.
Remember,
I want her alive.